README.md, before:

# SNemoRawDataObj
C/C++ Raw Data Structures and I/O for SuperNEMO

# Structure
- `vendor_snfee`
  - All code from full SNFrontEndElectronics from data/io parts, plus code needed
    to close `#include` dependencies
- `snfee/{data,io,model}
  - Code from `vendor_snfee` with following changes:
    - Dependency on `SNCabling` in `snfee/data/channel_id.h` commented out.
      This code just does a copy conversion, and should be handled via a free
      function, or simpler object like a `std::tuple`.
  - Code obviously relating to *analysis* or *presentation* is moved to
    `elsewhere` directory.
  - Code obviously relating to specific I/O conversions like CRD2RHD or
    RHD2RTD is moved into directories for these applications.
    - See `programs/{crd2rhd,rhd2rtd,rtd2root}`

Note that `snfee` still contains code which *may* be analysis/conditions
related:

- `calo_channel_traits.{h,cc}`
- `calo_signal_model.{h,cc}`
- `calo_waveform_data.{h,cc}`

These have serialization methods, but do not seem used by anything directly
related to CRD/RHD/RTD data.

Commit message:

Move isolated calo code to "elsewhere"
These files/classes do not appear to be used in any of the raw data
or conversion programs. Not clear as yet whether they are analysis
based or represent actual data types that will eventually be used.

Move them to "elsewhere" holder until purpose is clear.

README.md, after:

# SNemoRawDataObj
C/C++ Raw Data Structures and I/O for SuperNEMO

# Structure
- `vendor_snfee`
  - All code from full SNFrontEndElectronics from data/io parts, plus code needed
    to close `#include` dependencies
- `snfee/{data,io,model}
  - Code from `vendor_snfee` with following changes:
    - Dependency on `SNCabling` in `snfee/data/channel_id.h` commented out.
      This code just does a copy conversion, and should be handled via a free
      function, or simpler object like a `std::tuple`.
  - Code obviously relating to *analysis*, *presentation* is moved to
    `elsewhere` directory.
    - Similarly anything that appears unrelated to raw data structures
  - Code obviously relating to specific I/O conversions like CRD2RHD or
    RHD2RTD is moved into directories for these applications.
    - See `programs/{crd2rhd,rhd2rtd,rtd2root}`

Note that `snfee` still contains code which *may* be analysis/conditions
related:

- `calo_channel_traits.{h,cc}`
- `calo_signal_model.{h,cc}`
- `calo_waveform_data.{h,cc}`

These have serialization methods, but do not seem used by anything directly
related to CRD/RHD/RTD data.
